Imagine being able to take a tour through time from the earliest days of Christianity
to the present, seeing for yourself how Christians through the centuries endure their
darkest hours of persecution, and how the worldwide activity of Jehovah's Witnesses
got its start in modern times.
That's what visitors can expect at an exhibit that opened in October 2012 at the World
Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses in Brooklyn, New York.
Through a self-guided tour, this exhibit, entitled A People for Jehovah's Name, lets you
explore hundreds of documents, photos, and other artifacts from around the world, following
the dramatic history of Jehovah's People through the years.
The exhibit is divided into four sections.
The first one, men have loved the darkness, sets the stage, taking you through the centuries
after Jesus' ministry, giving you sobering reminders of what those who tried to follow
in Jesus' footsteps had to face.
The next section, Let the Light Shine, transports you to the late 1800s and early 1900s in
the days before World War I.
It tells the story of sincere people who began studying the scriptures and living by the
Bible truths they found.
One of the historical treasures featured in this part of the exhibit is the famous multimedia
production known as the Photo Drama of Creation.
When it originally debuted about a hundred years ago, the Photo Drama was an eight-hour
color slide and motion picture production that was shown to millions of people all over
the world.
At the exhibit, you can browse over 500 of the original color slides used in the production
along with other artwork.
You can even see excerpts from the program's introduction.
Next, step into a section called the Dragon Guru Rathful, where you come face-to-face
with artifacts from the two world wars, and learn about the persecution suffered by
Christ's followers during the early 20th century.
Those let you hear and see the stories of those who remained neutral during those difficult
years of war.
The last section of the exhibit, Good News for All Nations, uses a giant picture collage
made up of hundreds of vintage photos to tell the story of the growth, preaching work,
and brotherly love that are the hallmarks of Jehovah's Witnesses.
This one-of-a-kind exhibit is designed to help all of Jehovah's Witnesses better understand
their own heritage and gain a better appreciation of the struggles that Christian men and women
have faced throughout history to truly walk in the footsteps of Jesus Christ.